README.md, before:

# Get Moving

Get Moving is an `Android app` that allows `the user` to `keep track of each workout`.
Once you have signed in, you can start populating the list with exercises.
Each exercise will have a date, a name, a number of repetitions (or km), and a location.
This data is safely stored locally on your device.
At any time you can quickly open the camera from within Get Moving app and take a selfie!

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:
* You have installed `Android 6.0 Marshmallow or above` to run it on your mobile device.
* You have installed `Android Studio v4.0 or above` to edit/compile it on your computer.
* You have installed the latest version of `JRE 1.8` on your computer
* You have a `<Windows/Linux/Mac>` computer.
* You have read `LICENSE file`.

## Installing Get Moving

To install it on your device, follow these steps:
1. Search for Get Moving on Google Play
2. Press install

To check the code, follow these steps:
1. Clone the repository
2. Open it in Android Studio

## Using Get Moving

1. Start the app
2. Press the Google sign-in button

## Contributing to Get Moving

To contribute to Get Moving, follow these steps:
1. Fork this repository.
2. Create a branch: `git checkout -b <branch_name>`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m '<commit_message>'`
4. Push to the original branch: `git push origin <project_name>/<location>`
5. Create the pull request.

Alternatively see the GitHub documentation on [creating a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

## Contributors

Code:
Michele Santagiuliana Busellato

Icons:
PNGRepo, Freepik, Iconixar

## Contact

If you want to contact me you can reach me at <michelesantagiuliana@hotmail.it>.

## License

This project uses the following license: MIT license.

Commit message:

Describe procedure to change SHA-1
In order for you to run the app and sign-in via Google authentication,
you need to replace the SHA-1 key.

README.md, after:

# Get Moving

Get Moving is an `Android app` that allows `the user` to `keep track of each workout`.
Once you have signed in, you can start populating the list with exercises.
Each exercise will have a date, a name, a number of repetitions (or km), and a location.
This data is safely stored locally on your device.
At any time you can quickly open the camera from within Get Moving app and take a selfie!

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:
* You have installed `Android 6.0 Marshmallow or above` to run it on your mobile device.
* You have installed `Android Studio v4.0 or above` to edit/compile it on your computer.
* You have installed the latest version of `JRE 1.8` on your computer
* You have a `<Windows/Linux/Mac>` computer.
* You have read `LICENSE file`.

## Installing Get Moving

To check the code, follow these steps:
1. Clone the repository
2. Open it in Android Studio
3. Change SHA-1 so you can run it and sign-in from your mobile device:
  a. File -> Project Structure -> Modules -> Signing Configs tab
  b. click debug (or + anclose, if debug is not visible)
  c. Store File: my-key.keystore
  d. Store Password: 123456
  e. Key Alias: alias_name
  f. Key Password: 123456
4. Run the app on your device

PENDING publication on Google Play, but you can already install it on your device and try it, just follow the instructions above.

## Using Get Moving

1. Start the app
2. Press the Google sign-in button

## Contributing to Get Moving

To contribute to Get Moving, follow these steps:
1. Fork this repository.
2. Create a branch: `git checkout -b <branch_name>`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m '<commit_message>'`
4. Push to the original branch: `git push origin <project_name>/<location>`
5. Create the pull request.

Alternatively see the GitHub documentation on [creating a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

## Contributors

Code:
Michele Santagiuliana Busellato

Icons:
PNGRepo, Freepik, Iconixar

## Contact

If you want to contact me you can reach me at <michelesantagiuliana@hotmail.it>.

## License

This project uses the following license: MIT license.
